hey there YouTube but it's got packaging
from eBay of a collection that I
purchased I'm gonna do the opening so
you guys can see what I got
try to get through tape deck box clicks
and play nets show them off it's gonna
get everything out first the deck bucks
holster pro binder little mini monster
binder bigger than the mini monster
binder and I'm Oscar binder all right
let's move over to the plane that's we
got here generation 4 sneak peek play
met
2010 regional qualifier x-saber flame at
blank velvet blame it and the little
battle pack play man
all right I don't know if there's
anything these deck boxes sleeve nothing
okay yeah well here's the first page
which dark world stuff finishing up the
rest of that dark robe all three r DD
crew hold gold rare better Kings common
thinner Kings couple of alternate rare
first just a cyber dragons then sectors
things well Trish solemn warning it's
like a hobby League mister Space typhoon
gold rear bottomless I thought there's
cars behind these doesn't look like it
okay making sure three beasts doors see
to redo allottee
and another gold ray bottomless a couple
of pokemon cards
shreya mirror folks oh the stuff you
gonna be seeing I will be listing on the
eBay store so it's um check that out and
then means wholesome rare black rose
Stardust Dragon ultimate are cloth all
elsewhere scrap dragon cryonic
superdimensional prison a couple hobby
league call the Honda it looks like once
German whole for our black rose gold
rear dark hole triple o first edition
Maxie's
with masculine strips when all this
person put the stuff in the binder is
like two cards a page the gold roaster
tria barky on see here some cards like a
gold rear song judgment
it's like a mrl first edition of school
space typhoon actually is gonna be a
playset of those plus a turbo pack five
dark hole there's a super critical pulse
couple of close forests three seekers
toilet road safe zone couple of four
tradition on ultrair warnings I'll show
some judgment another super air
commercial prison a couple of Destin
arrows there's some tokens back here
he's really know never seen before
looks like the looks like you got a kind
of picture out and put it hollow at
these over here alright see these other
ones have anything in them there's
nothing little ones Dirigo
nothing that one that one this big
binder does alright
Industrial Trujillo kiosk Neos ultra
rare miracle fusion temple of super
finished chains once first edition yeah
tour bus ultimate thought really
ultimately Black Rose coaster honest
temple of ultimate rare first edition
aliases actually a playset of them with
an ultimate remember German at future
fusion Brian act in their ultimate
refuge in English too ultra rare cyber
dragons ones first edition Bobby - Bobby
Lee tarantulas I'll be League misplaced
a new hobby like mustard boring and
Hobby League and force of the army to
see prayer forbidden Lance Holton or
necro gardna ultra rare Psalm warning
super rare saw judgment
couple Bobby Lee cars
and heavy storm Baltimore air Phoenix
wing wind blast stable ringing it's all
true dual terminal spell shattering Aero
super air
see ya that's where bad new shoes ultra
guards playset of all too rare survivors
like ones a little bit humbled another
ultra rare first editions hyper dragon
think that maybe it let's see here
yep and that's it so yep don't forget to
like my video and subscribe I'll be
putting these up pretty soon on eBay
if you guys would like to a purchase
your tray for any to car to to you saw
in these binders let me know and I'd be
more than happy to trim to you alright
talk to you guys see ya